docs: update faq to mention apt for dependencies (#8676)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/faq.rst

You can also set your project documentation to install your project itself
as a dependency.

> Additionally, your build may depend on extensions that require external,
> non-Python libraries to be installed. If you are using a :ref:`configuration

Reviewer: Dependencies can be executables and various packages as well. Perhaps this would be the most clear describing libraries as system packages or something similar instead?

```suggestion
Additionally, your build may depend on extensions that require additional
system packages to be installed. If you are using a :ref:`configuration
```

Does that sound better?

file <config-file>` you can add libraries to the Ubuntu-based builder with

> ``apt``.

Reviewer: This would be great as a link to the section in config-file for apt install configuration option. It should be addressable using the auto section reference syntax
